Barclays Online Banking
How to log in to Online Banking
with Mobile PINsentry
It’s easy to log in to your Barclays Online Banking
account using PINsentry.
If you're registered for Online Banking,
you can use your membership number,
card number, or sort code
and account number to log in.
Start by entering your last name
as well as your sort code and account number.
If you're using your private computer,
you can tick the box to remember
your login credentials.
Then click ‘Continue’.
Open the Barclays app
and select ‘PINsentry’.
Once open, select ‘Identify’
and enter your passcode.
Once you're logged into PINsentry
you will be given an access code.
Enter this 8-digit access code on your
Barclay's Online Banking login screen.
Then select ‘Log in to Online Banking’
at the bottom of the page.
And that's it.
Logging in to
Barclays Online Banking made simple
with the help of Mobile PINsentry.